and I think we were all wrapping up our
notes I had one other thing I needed to
add I'm gonna give everybody like two
more minutes to finish their how is
everybody's weekend then I watched Good
Omens over the weekend the entire series
it was awesome I highly highly highly
recommend it David Tennant is a gem oh
yeah I'm born to play a demon it's just
literally perfect Netflix Amazon Prime
okay oh my gosh we have so many updates
everybody
all right I will alright let me know
when you're ready to go you are
recording Portia okay cool cool you hit
the button awesome
hello everybody on the Internet welcome
to the documentation in developer new UX
task force weekly meeting today is
Monday the 5th of August 2019
I'm your wasp infested host Jessica and
we have lots of people on the call so
welcome I'll take some notes but it
doesn't sound like we've got any
additional agenda items other than the
recurring what's up with our checking in
with our ok ours so I think we should
just go ahead and blow on through those
if everybody's cool with that yeah yeah
I'll take your silence as a yes
so you okay Portia you want to hit the
content on it stuff sure um I'll share
my screen in one moment and we are gonna
have a meeting about this next week to
dig in and do a little more depth which
is awesome
so the content audit is very close to
being finished in terms of ipfs i/o in
terms of docs ipfs auto that part is
finished and let me move this section um
so if anyone wants to see it I'll put in
a link in a notes
I haven't green the github so they gave
up parts so in our documentation many of
our notes are linking to the github
repos I'll get into that in one moment
let's see so I'll just put a link to
this what else I put together is I'll
list I'll play
is where we would find ipfs that's that
I I profess that oh I oh so we have just
ipfs IO which is where you can download
different distributions of ipfs so this
is just places where we can find ipfs so
we actually know if we actually own the
page and we just have like a record of
where we can find ipfs around and about
one source of truth and um so here are
some of my initial findings
I started this today and I didn't finish
it so I'll be adding more on this week
um the basic concepts sections of ipfs
is hard to find um and this is a problem
because when a person is trying to
figure out if they want to contribute or
if they want to take it into a project
um
basic concepts is like a great place for
them to figure out if this is a project
that they'll be interested in I have an
example of Docs that has a good basic
concepts section which is that protocol
there are other documentation out there
that does a really good job of
explaining the basics that I like add
onto this list um number two we have a
lot of out of date content and but most
of this content has github issues so
that people can see if the content
actually needs to be updated um there
are some duplicates in the ipfs
documentation I'm starting on that list
now one duplicate is a notes and a notes
is a place where people are able to make
suggestions on future features for ipfs
I'm not sure if it should end up in a
documentation twice um community infos
at the bottom of Docs the ipfs I owe my
community info is important and I wonder
if we can create a page that has like
all the community are ways that the
community can help out with the
documentation help out with different
features and figure out how they can and
I are
channels - let's see five this is a
conversation that we're going to have
soon assist ways for contributors and
developers to systematically update Docs
while going through this content audit
you could tell that in certain cases
when there's a new feature there was an
ad hoc way of adding Docs but I think
one of the takeaways of the content
audit is for us to come up with a
clearer way for contributors to find to
add to the documentation and also for us
to have notes of when the documentation
was updated so I think we can use
something like that thesaurus for that
those are the initial condition findings
of the content audit are there any
questions
I was curious what the green versus red
means oh I should have thanked you the
green green are I meant to talk about
this green are references to github
repos there are several places in Doc's
ipfs data i/o like instead of having
regular documentation page we have a
link to the actual github page and in
the future would be nice for some of
these projects to have their own pages
and Doc's I think I pfft IO red is an
external link so there are several
external links of Doc's to ipfs IO and
your color coded red and green and I
will have to put that in the spreadsheet
so that it's clear what the colors mean
and and that makes sense I mean I think
one of the things that you've identified
here is that if you look at the original
menu structure of the docs site do I
sort of see it as something that we were
linking out to as many sources of
information as we had available at that
point in time just as an effort to get
all of that in one place I think it's a
sort of elaborate on what Porsche said
you know one thing is we start to do a
more
rework the docks content is to see what
sort of additional scaffolding we might
need to be placing around some of this
like you know it's absolutely essential
to point somebody toward a github repo
for things that they want to learn more
about or implement or install but we're
in the additional explanatory content
might need to live in regards to even
regards to that so it's nice to see this
color coded because it sort of gives us
an idea of how much stuff we're not like
necessarily actually documenting
actively but we're just showing people
how to how to get hold of the stuff
themselves which may or may not be ideal
like extra dock great candidates for
documenting documentation pages I would
say would be like ipfs desktop an IPSS
companion the repo is pretty
comprehensive but for those who have
like its own home and a documentation I
think would be helpful those are very
important projects and one of the things
that we're going to that we want to do
for the content audit is to find a very
clear pathway for people to create their
own documentation yeah and and one nice
thing that you have been doing in the
meantime is stuff that's just like very
that is hot fixable either because it's
simple to fix or because it's like a big
problem like a broken link or something
if that's where you've been
port has been adding those is github
issues and we've been hammering away on
fixing those as we go which is nice to
be able to fight at least some of the
little tiny clients in the meantime so
we're already starting to integrate some
stuff yeah Molly and we've already had
new contributors used some of the issues
from the content audit as a way to dive
in into the ipfs documentation as a way
for them to like start contributing so
well if you they're small but they're
great first issues and are a great
gateway for people to get more involved
in all contributing and we've been
really diligent about marking those as
Help Wanted and that has been attracting
eyeballs since we've been started doing
that Molly did you have your hand yeah
so I see looking through this ipfs to do
content audit that's also including
docks thought I'd be if I said IO
specifically for
guides concepts right konzern under IPA
under docks that IPS SDIO so everything
above blog the ipfs io is ipfs to io so
this is an doc blog the IPF Festa IO
dots that ipfs IO or different pages
that you can find on ipfs that IO that's
something I can call a co2 country so
once you get to know what IP advance
guide is part of Doc's that IP IP FSI oh
okay and does this also include yet the
things like examples and reference and
things like that so I'm not seeing this
reference is I believe a line 41
conscious so reference doesn't have
things like the commands API and other
stuffs man's API is under like there's
different
HTTP API there's a ipfs core API so that
should be in here as well okay I think I
don't quite understand the format you're
using for understanding what's nested
under what I'm wondering if there's like
a standard a canonical like this is how
you read it in order to be able to read
this and understand actually how our
dogs website is organized you're like if
you look at the tree on the left of the
documentation website that doesn't seem
to translate easily into the way that
you've translated this content into our
content on it okay can I suggest maybe
that we table this discussion for we're
gonna we're gonna lose any material you
think yeah we're gonna we're gonna go
through the horse's findings in more
detail tomorrow and see what we can you
see what we can settle on with some some
core findings and go from there I just
am trying to be cognizant of time on
this meeting one quick note before you
wrap it up I was just gonna mention on
the community section part I think we
should pull it out the docs completely
and I had a chat with Zach recently
about creating a call to action on the
end of all of our videos from camp and
essentially using that as a main card to
pull people towards like a one-page
subscribing involved with the community
and page itself is not spectator yet but
I I think nice give me best to live on
the website as an isolated thing so
similar to what is on file coin at the
moment and so I'll take that on as
another task okay yeah let's let's talk
that through in more detail um maybe
tomorrow so figure out the best way to
integrate yeah it should be pretty
simple that our we control with it only
being a half-hour for that call
I no longer I'd like to blow that out to
an hour Porsche do you mind because I
think you organize that meaning can you
alright
we don't have anybody's updates on the
docs platform features inventory I know
that we've all been scrambling in our
respective smaller parts I don't think
there's a whole lot to report here just
because we've all been working very hard
on other things I don't feel like that's
blocking us in any way but does anybody
feel otherwise at this point you know if
your lies has stage two things I will
continue yeah and we are definitely
accumulating um some of the some of the
features just sort of on our own I know
Eric's got those documents that he's
been you you've got your working
afterwards for accumulating those wish
lists as I went through and groom the
entire Zen hub board we also ran into a
couple of issues that people had posted
in the past that identify some features
that that community members wanted in a
wish list and Kris and Eric you're both
aware of those so we've been trying to
gather a sort of prioritize feature set
that will essentially how these are the
must-haves that we will kind of hit that
will be at least like for like
experience and then all the additionals
because it's obviously just never going
to be a 1 a 1 phase release in terms of
upgrades so if we can road map it all
out over the next few weeks and that'd
be the best course of action do you
honor that yeah that brings in to the
sort of tech stack framework side of
things you know I'm not sure I mean most
week most effort last week was focused
on the homepage quiz side of things so
there's not a whole lot to update really
from the call on last Monday which I
think he made missus just
that essentially we I've just been
gathering together any scraps of notes
they found from existing issues that are
out there other things that people have
contributed and just putting them into
the overall sort platform landscape
audit that we're putting together so
it's more just a kind of gather
everything together and then assess it
as one big chunk and a bit later on so
Eric and I have been focusing on getting
the quiz and home page upgrades which is
slightly grown since the original brief
just because you know pulling the
wallpaper and it goes around into every
room
so we've trying to try and set out
intersections whether or not we upgrade
certain parts of it so like should I
continue on with that or should we come
back to actually do an order and because
it kind of leads on to do that that
might be a handoff to Eric actually to
show the pieces I think that hasn't been
shown on a call yet the pieces they're
design so yeah so in summary I think
we've basically been focusing on
implementing the open issue the shared
screen Oh should I I was about to was
this to which you've got the envision
notes yeah yes and we haven't sure this
for halfway I don't know I think this
call we kind of went over it I think
that's Thursday I'm the goobie and
browses schools yeah so in order to you
know with and if anything you put on a
sub page you're gonna lose some folks
right because like to get there and so
we want to capture as many as possible
many eyeballs and clicks as possible in
this quiz and so
we are going to put it right on the
homepage and that's not reflected here
but it is and I've updated it in the in
the sketch but just one simple call to
action then as perhaps get started and
that would be an anchor link so it's in
this prototype it takes you to another
page but it would be an anchor link to
take you right down to the to the bottom
of the page where that panel will be and
these accordions I'm considering doing
the accordions instead of wide during
them to into it's it I think it that
users will rock them better that way
make expanding them becomes a little bit
more interesting because if you're if
you've got two into and you're expanding
this one that does we could do maybe a
fancy push down or something we have
someone on the call who's who is all
over that kind of fancy stuff so this
simple expanding accordions and the
other stage and this is a medical thing
yeah Oh hand over it's fine I'll take
out and let me just get my screen up to
do can you I'm sure the screen Eric I
can't
no thank you alrighty
let me get envision ducks up okay so
just mainly for the benefit of Molly
here because I think and everyone else
would be watching some of the thinking
behind the reasons why we settle on
primarily for segments it's because we
want to categorize the audience into
different chunks that we can measure
primarily being that the brand new
people to ipfs or generally 2d web
concepts you come through now what is
this what is the whole idea first thing
and then they learn more about ipfs is
essentially the way one funnel
and give them some options of helpful
links and ideas out that in YouTube to
just give them a flavor for what made
what they're getting into and what they
should expect from using ipfs the shared
store and share files was kind of more
to personal level so we're thinking like
if you if you're an independent or you
may be a small app developer or
something then maybe you must most
likely be looking for this type of
option and manage large amounts of data
trying to funnel people towards more
enterprise or maybe commercial
applications of things and then
implement my code which I think that
might change the wording on that yet but
basically build an IP FS application
will be more the developer or dev
experience there's some ideas around
like switching these switching the order
of this as well I've written up some
more detailed notes here about the
seconds themselves but it's more that we
want to I'd like to see the funnel of
people going through from A to B and
then start to work out the priorities of
our audience by self-selecting so I will
intend to have metrics on all the pieces
and all the clicks out so we can
actually see overall as we can get
people in from the beginning through all
the way to the end that what type of
what other content they're actually
interested in and where they actually
jump off to and Jessica's added some
helpful notes of the section and content
that we're actually gonna add into this
and so we've got some links out to
things and typically obviously they're
the more commercial side of things and
more enterprise will be head towards the
cluster angle and the implementation bit
will be more def UX and stuff so
implementation on how to use install
ipfs through my through the command line
and then that leads onto the redefined
which is like a page page B of the whole
flow which is the install idea first
section and because of the development
we've done on ipfs desktop now we can
actually prioritize that as being the
main source of inspiration so if you saw
like the first desktop for most cases
that will install after Auto upgraded
version of ipfs on your command line
that you can use across to develop your
application and I
causes I think that covers most like 90%
of the use cases here and then we're
going to break down all the other
implementations so instead of having a
separate section at the top that's kind
of confusing it's kind of you have to
choose your own way and start to reorder
this based on your priorities of which
way which path you came in from but for
now yeah it's basically it's like giving
people some guidance and that's the
whole premise of this is like we want to
measure the chosen route from the
desired path from the homepage all the
way through and try and get some metrics
around that so we make sure that we can
start to be more helpful once we have
some numbers then we can further tweak
and refine this page but really we have
to start with a best guess for where we
want to guide people and be helpful and
then move on to what what will be next
and I think we've kind of settled on two
primary actions at on the homepage which
will be their getting started and learn
more learn more will be dosed basically
explaining or digging into the current
explanation content that's on the
homepage and will slightly reorder this
to make make the narrative sort of
making a bit more sense and I've started
working on this now we haven't finalized
InDesign yet but it'll be kind of a
tandem efforts while we while we go
through it and we can refine that this
week there's some slight issues that
I've uncovered with the way the
analytics current set up because we've
got separate single profile for across
the website and the blog and other part
so the analytics are slightly skewed so
I've set up a new profile to just
support that and make sure that we can
get the funnel correct and I can clean
so we can start with a freshly and we'll
definitely have some solid data then to
get from there and that's that in a
nutshell plenty more to do but if we're
getting somewhere
are you using our same Google Analytics
account for that or is it you're now
using a different one no it's Sam I
don't accountants created a new tracking
profile so you can see it's ipfs i/o
with www in brackets for the meantime it
will stick and they'll live within there
so you can get access to it but I you
can also set up profiles that they can
include a subdomain if we decide to
expand that out across there other like
cname sites like blog or Docs in the
future but realistically and from
fighting the power
it's typically best to keep each domain
as a separate profile so that you can
then and get the power of actually their
report some tools and the insights they
work better that way so just being
mindful of time I'm I'm gonna go ahead
and skip it through the percent in the
hiring stuff the hang stuff is
progressing very well it's not something
talked about in the call anyway because
it's HR but hit me up if you want more
details things are things are
progressing pretty well we made some hot
fixes those are also progressing but I
want to talk about the protis cool stuff
sure so a few things in progress here
one is that Diego just opened a PR that
will be a bunch of linking from existing
photo school tutorials to ipfs stocks
somewhat capito articles etc so that's
in progress there's a link there if
anyone's interested how it should be
wrapped up fairly soon
we have still our open one about doing
the three buttons on the main type EFS
website I confess that IO which we just
need to kind of incorporate the feedback
that we've gotten from that to wrap that
one up but the biggest accomplishment
this week is enabling multiple choice
lesson tights on proto school I put a
link there to a live demo we recorded on
the proto school weekly call which
obviously everyone is welcome to attend
on Thursdays um I can show you you now
I'll subtract to where we can skip over
it from sick time yeah okay
any III can jump back up to those other
items if if nobody else has anything
else to chip in on yes sorry very
complete hi Jackie Nance and it go two
minutes right no that was really great
um just a couple of things
the personae are basically the persona
are coming out of the core so the the
single question quiz what do you want to
do with ipfs turned into like six key
categories and then like sort of neatly
happened to be pretty much exactly our
goals though so I'm starting on those
have some some sort of measure
in comparison parameters and I want to
set up I'm very very vague working
document that I started on on Friday so
I'll be on kitchen to those in-between
like trying to get the wasps out of the
house and talking we might want to hire
the hotfix is this is actually super
super encouraging I went I spent like a
bazillion hours grooming the entire
grooming our entire repo assigning
labels to things trying to piece through
what we've inherited because like I
think 86 issues that we inherited was
able to categorize those in useful ways
and between that and some of the complex
issues Porsche has identified we were
able to knock out a whole bunch of stuff
things that were you know I think five
things that were specifically identified
as topics as small things some of whom
which can community members contributed
to but then also just with being able to
groom the repo and get things that are
categorized somebody actually came over
the weekend and and wrote the beginnings
of a DHT explainer has a bunch of
technical questions that I'm gonna have
to get solved by someone so if any of
you have an idea as to who I should
point this person to to get their
technical questions solved for the DHT
explainer that would be magnificent but
but what it does mean is that you know
all of the grooming that we've been
doing has been seeing has definitely the
same effects with contributors so
awesome shout out for deck fire being a
good person through he that he's had his
head in dat line for quite a while
deck its on the Jazz team but he also
came in from an outside contributor so
he had that whole experience as they I
don't really know how this works
so I you know I'm gonna figure out from
an outside perspective alright alright
Molly anything else I had to feel quick
questions which are more like kind of
timing related which is one the quiz
looks awesome when when are we kind of
aiming to ship that to the front page
and start getting feedback on it and two
we mentioned in the last call that like
kind of looking to prototype on donkey
soros and the other one whose name I'm
forgetting something else with a doc
word in it and I was curious when when
we're kind of aiming to do like a very
very first round prototype on
ASAP for both the be the make the
quizzes mainly this week as effort I
think I want to wrap up as much as we
can
there's gonna be some collaboration with
in terms of like what the sine of sine
of a date will be because it's I'm
getting prototype ready and then some
design that's to be done so but I reckon
that can be done this week in terms of
prototypes I would say maybe the week
following or the week after that so I
would aim for mid to end August
everyone's lists question and and sorry
Eric what just FYI I'm at a conference
Wednesday through Friday this week I'll
be you know doing some work there too
but okay see all right we're gonna jump
on Porsche do you mind can you please
upload the call and then who recorded
last week's call because it never got
uploaded okay Porsche it if you don't
mind doing them both an add on them to
the notes that would be amazing
thank you so much bye everybody